That is such a large sum. How are you going to explain it to her?
We'll say...
We'll say they were investment flops.
Yeah, that happens the best of us.
Do you really think Emma is the same girl who believes everything that you say?
Her old man is dead.
Who else does she have to believe?
Besides me?
Sit up some accounts. I think they plan on monitoring the money through investments.
You're not planning on revealing your identity to them, are you?
Yeah, I'm in danger. Daniel got a hold of her accident on insurance money somehow, probably by making her sign something while she was blind.
But if they get a hold of that money, I'm thinking they're going to set up some sort of accident for her.
We don't forget about your brother's case, right? His death is probably linked to Rodney.
Are you into such lengths just to get in there? Over that damn Emma.
Tell me you're falling for it. Are you out of your mind?
How's your day? They give you a hard time?
No. You're fine.
Good. I'm glad.
How was wedding venues counting?
Well, why don't you see it for yourself?
If you like this spot, I can book it by tomorrow.
It's beautiful. You love it.
While I have you both here, I actually wanted to discuss something.